okay hello i will show you a way to make
a screenshot on samsung galaxy s without
having to shake your phone which i don't
think is really fun thing to do whenever
you buy a case to protect it such shake
it I don't think it's a good thing for
software or hardware anyway so there's a
way around it to also be able to make
screenshots within apps which is not
possible on froyo using the back button
and the home button and so the way
around the first thing you do sorry for
the quality guys but can't help it this
is null phone first thing you do you get
an app called screen capture shortcut
you install that and put it in your
notification bar secondly do you get
another app which is called smart
taskbar just sidebar it acts as a widget
on your home screen if you install it
right do the settings take some time you
can really have some good things about
it the orange button here will be on
every screen which is a quick set access
button to this app so if you go in there
you see I have some apps priest all here
everything's fine it's for example you'd
be busy playing a game let me take for
example alchemy genetics which is a fun
game so you're now inside this game and
you see there is no notification bar so
there wouldn't be any possibility to
make a screenshot what you do is you hit
the button that you installed smart
taskbar and it pops up now you're still
in the app so what you do you install
shortcut a short a screenshot and you
hit it then you get a menu with a
notification bar pull that down hit
screenshot do a delay of about five
seconds go back and you're back in your
screen and now it takes the picture of
your screen let's do that one more time
because it didn't go as I want it hit
that button go there
scroll the screen capture about five
seconds go back and wait now this
picture will show up in your screen
capture gallery okay have fun and sorry
for quality